# FAQ

---

<aside>
📜 **TABLE OF CONTENTS**

- [**Introduction**](../Cadmium%20Technical%20Documentation%2022ebf2ac914780e38715f6f9f06d9432.md)
    - [About Cadmium](../Cadmium%20Technical%20Documentation%2022ebf2ac914780e38715f6f9f06d9432.md)
    - [Key Features](../Cadmium%20Technical%20Documentation%2022ebf2ac914780e38715f6f9f06d9432.md)
    - [Contacting Support](../Cadmium%20Technical%20Documentation%2022ebf2ac914780e38715f6f9f06d9432.md)

[Getting Started](Getting%20Started%2022ebf2ac9147815ea681d7184c0029b0.md)

- [User Interface](User%20Interface%2022ebf2ac9147814bb34adaacff5e8ad8.md)
    
    [User Interface](User%20Interface%2022ebf2ac9147814bb34adaacff5e8ad8.md)
    
    - [The Canvas](User%20Interface%2022ebf2ac9147814bb34adaacff5e8ad8.md)
    - [The Timeline](User%20Interface%2022ebf2ac9147814bb34adaacff5e8ad8.md)
    - [Key Frames](User%20Interface%2022ebf2ac9147814bb34adaacff5e8ad8.md)

[Importing Frames](Importing%20Frames%2022ebf2ac914781148e2efef468b66e13.md)

[Reference Frames](Reference%20Frames%2022ebf2ac9147811b93f3f52d4f96aefb.md)

[Analyzing Frames](Analyzing%20Frames%2022ebf2ac9147815d8274e3ee2004ffe0.md)

[The Line Colorization Menu](The%20Line%20Colorization%20Menu%2022ebf2ac914781829ec0c0d0a4deec5c.md)

[The Color Menu](The%20Color%20Menu%2022ebf2ac914781c7af45d71b6cc890b6.md)

[Colorizing](Colorizing%2022ebf2ac914781b595cccbef7aee6ce2.md)

[Drawing Tools](Drawing%20Tools%2022ebf2ac9147813c9bf6f7b901dbda0b.md)

[Editing Frames](Editing%20Frames%2022ebf2ac91478143b255da248016bf81.md)

[Exporting](Exporting%2022ebf2ac91478124ba83e5064ecc8c1b.md)

[Keyboard Shortcuts](Keyboard%20Shortcuts%2022ebf2ac914781a1a536ed6f8d9d1141.md)

[FAQ](FAQ%2022ebf2ac914781aa9fd7c05c7d0683c9.md)

[Change Log](Change%20Log%2022ebf2ac9147816e8718e9dade5087a0.md)

</aside>

# Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) ❓

Here, we address some of the common questions that our clients often ask about our web application. If you can't find an answer to your question here, please feel free to [**contact our support team**](../Cadmium%20Technical%20Documentation%2022ebf2ac914780e38715f6f9f06d9432.md) for further assistance.

## How come my frames didn’t import?

Cadmium accepts png format with alpha, so you might have tried to import a different file type. Also make sure that your frames have a number sequence at the end of the file name, like: 'fredDog_001.png'.

## My line files imported, but I can't color anything!

Oh yeah, if you can't see the color layer, double check that your line layer has an alpha channel.

## When I press colorize, nothing happens, or I get an error message.

You must include a reference image in order for Cadmium to know how to color. Also though, if you are on windows, you might have to allow some permissions from your firewall settings.

## What’s the deal with those connection lines between the layers?

When you select an image to color, the lines show which frames are being referenced to inform how that frame should be colored. It’s basically just a visual cue that we thought looked cool :)

## How many reference images should I provide?

Any time that a new object or color is introduced into your scene, you should provide reference. the more references that you provide, the better cadmium will do.

## Why does pressing 'Analyze' give me crazy rando-colors?

Analyzing the segments of each frame is necessary for our colorizer to work. Pressing 'Analyze' not only analyzes the frame, but it returns a color map of what our AI will consider separate regions. This is to help inform you, the human, of how cadmium will interpret your artwork, and whether or not you need to close any gaps.

## Why didn’t cadmium color it correctly?

It might be that you need some more reference frames, or you might need to close some gaps (you can use the pen tool to do that). Depending on your 'analyzation settings,’ Cadmium will close gaps for you. Also though, this is a beta version and a very early version of our AI. Sorry about that! But we are working hard to make cadmium smarter, and we appreciate you helping us do that:)

## How is cadmium handling gap closing and segmenting?

You can learn more about this in the Analyzation settings section.

## It is taking forever to process my frames...

Cadmium relies on your computer’s internet connection to process frames. So If you have a slow connection, that could be slowing down performance. On average, one HD frame takes around 5 seconds. If you are processing very large frames, consider down-resing before import.

## How do I select which layer to draw on?

Clicking on the layer name selects the Active layer, and that is where drawing will happen. The fill tool, however, will only work on the color layer, no matter which layer you are on.

## Why is the drawing primitive?

For our first release, we focused primarily on the coloring functionality. We understand that drawing is fun, and we are working hard on building better drawing tools next.

## I’m frustrated and feel angry, what do I do?

We’re sorry we made you upset. Please email us at **hello@cadmium.app** and we’d be happy to help you troubleshoot and understand your issues.